Meredith: YOUR KIDS, YOUR KEYS,
YOUR FAMILY PHOTO ALBUM.
[ MONITOR BEEPING ]
LITTLE MORE SUCTION.
PERFECT. THERE IT IS.
CLIPPING THE CYSTIC DUCT.
IT'S THE LIST
YOU REPEAT IN YOUR HEAD
BEFORE YOU FALL ASLEEP.
[ SUCTION ]
I JUST WENT TO PREP
LIZZIE HAGANS FOR HER BIOPSY,
AND IT WAS
ALREADY DONE.
BY YOU.
AT 5:00 A.M.?
YOU'RE WELCOME.
I THOUGHT
YOU WERE GOING TO D.C.
I WAS UNTIL MR. CORDELL
GOT SEPTIC FROM HIS GALLSTONES.
DEREK CAN WAIT.
MR. CORDELL CAN'T.
WHY IS YOUR GIRLFRIEND
STALKING ME?
IT'S THE SHORT LIST
OF THINGS YOU'D GRAB
IN CASE OF DISASTER.
SO APPARENTLY,
GREY STARTS MORNING PRE-ROUNDS
IN THE MIDDLE
OF THE NIGHT NOW.
I'VE BEEN HERE FOR HOURS.
Shh.
THE LIST MAKES YOU FEEL
IN CONTROL.
WHAT ARE WE LOOKING AT?
I DON'T KNOW.
I'LL KNOW WHEN I SEE IT.
OKAY, NOW WHAT
AM I LOOKING AT?
ALL OF GREY'S SURGERIES
SINCE NOVEMBER.
AT FIRST,
I THOUGHT IT WAS JUST A FLUKE.
OH, MY GOD.
IS THIS RIGHT?
MM-HMM.
YOUR KIDS.
SHE HASN'T
LOST A SINGLE PATIENT --
NOT ONE BAD OUTCOME --
SINCE NOVEMBER?
HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE?
SHE'S ON A STREAK.
YOUR KEYS.
IT'S TIME FOR ROUNDS.
LET'S GO.
DUDE, GREY IS PITCHING
A NO-HITTER.
SHE HASN'T LOST A SINGLE PATIENT
SINCE NOVEMBER.
WHAT?
YOUR FAMILY PHOTO ALBUM.
[ RUMBLING ]
WHOA.
WHEN THE FIRE STARTS...
WHOA. OHH.
...WHEN THE TSUNAMI HITS...
[ CLATTER ]
...WHEN THE EARTH
LITERALLY QUAKES,
DO YOU REMEMBER YOUR LIST?
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
[ METAL RATTLING ]
[ PEOPLE GASPING ]
WHOA!
WATCH THE CABINET!
[ GLASS SHATTERS ]
[ GASPS ]
[ RUMBLING CONTINUES ]
Woman: SOMEBODY...
Woman #2: I GOT IT! I GOT IT!
[ CLATTER ]
[ RUMBLING STOPS ]
OR DO YOU JUST DUCK AND COVER?
[ MAN SIGHS ]
YOU OKAY?
WE'RE OKAY.
EVERYBODY OKAY?
[ ELECTRICITY CRACKLES ]
WE'RE NOT MOVING.
[ BUTTON CLICKING ]
Ethan: YEAH,
SAFETY FEATURE.
IT DID THIS TO ME
AFTER THE LAST EARTHQUAKE.
THE LAST EARTHQUAKE?
I DID A LOT OF RESEARCH ABOUT
SEATTLE BEFORE I MOVED OUT HERE.
EARTHQUAKES
WERE NEVER MENTIONED.
THEY DON'T HAPPEN
TOO OFTEN.
ONLY WHEN YOU RIDE
IN ELEVATORS, APPARENTLY.
[ SIGHS ]
APPARENTLY.
REMIND ME NOT TO RIDE
IN AN ELEVATOR WITH YOU AGAIN.
SURE, DR. PIERCE,
OR I GUESS I COULD JUST
START TAKING THE STAIRS.
[ LAUGHS ]
IT IS DR. PIERCE,
RIGHT?
YEAH, UH...UM...
ETHAN.
SORRY. ETHAN. YEAH.
[ STAMMERS ]
ONCOLOGY, RIGHT?
UH, RADIOLOGY.
SORRY.
[ CHUCKLES ]
NO PROBLEM.
[ THUD ]
[ ELEVATOR BELL DINGS ]
AH. THERE WE ARE.
OH. YEAH.
ANYWAY,
SEE YOU AROUND.
YEP.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
Miranda: MY GOD!
OH, YOU HAD TO DIVE
ON TOP OF ME?
I WAS BEING
YOUR HUMAN SHIELD.
I-I WAS PROTECTING YOU.
OH, DO I STRIKE YOU
AS A WOMAN WHO NEEDS PROTECTING?
YOU'RE RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT.
NEXT TIME, I'M GONNA USE YOU
AS MY HUMAN SHIELD.
[ CHUCKLES ]
OH, I SHOULD CALL
AND CHECK ON TUCK.
OH, YOU KNOW WHO PROBABLY
FELT IT WHERE SHE LIVES?
HMM?
YOUR SISTER.
YEAH, YOU SHOULD CALL
AND SEE IF SHE'S OKAY.
I WILL CALL
WHEN I AM READY.
JUST -- I'VE ASKED YOU, MIRANDA.
PLEASE, JUST LET THIS REST.
WELL, WHAT ABOUT
THE TRANS-FAMILY
SUPPORT GROUP TONIGHT,
THE ONE I TOLD YOU ABOUT?
YOU PLANNING TO GO,
OR...?
NO.
WHY NOT?
WHY IS THIS
ANY OF YOUR BUSINESS?
WHY, INDEED?
MIRANDA. MIRANDA!
WARREN. THERE HE IS.
HEY, YOU FEEL THAT QUAKE?
YES. YES, I DID.
EXCITING STUFF,
EXCITING STUFF.
ALMOST AS EXCITING AS WHAT
I HAVE PLANNED FOR YOU TODAY.
BREAST ENHANCEMENTS
AND NOSE JOBS.
OH, YOU NEED TO
FIX THAT ATTITUDE.
[ ELEVATOR BELL DINGS ]
TODAY IS ALL ABOUT
INSTILLING SELF-CONFIDENCE
AND CHANGING LIVES.
SO, YOU PLAY
YOUR CARDS RIGHT,
YOU JUST MIGHT
GET AN INVITE FROM ME
TO JOIN
THE PLASTICS POSSE.
[ ELEVATOR BELL DINGS ]
YOU THINK THAT SOUNDS COOL?
I DID NOT...AT FIRST,
BUT -- BUT IT GROWS ON YOU.
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ TELEPHONE RINGING ]
COME ON.
[ SIGHS ]
[ SIREN WAILS IN DISTANCE ]
TWO MORE ON THE WAY --
ONE ADULT MALE,
BLUNT ABDOMINAL TRAUMA,
ONE MINOR
WITH A LEG FRACTURE POST-FALL.
PAGE GREY AND KAREV.
RIGHT AWAY.
[ TELEPHONE RINGING ]
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
KEPNER,
Y-YOU'RE HERE.
I'M GLAD TO SEE YOU BACK.
[ SIGHS ]
YEP, BACK AND BUSY.
HERE, YOU TAKE BED EIGHT.
I'M GONNA HEAD OVER
TO FIVE AND SIX.
[ TELEPHONE RINGS ]
[ SIGHS ]
GREY-SLOAN EMERGENCY.
I GOT A PAGE?
Uh, bed seven.
OKAY. GOT IT.
DID YOU
NEED SOMETHING ELSE?
OH, NO, NO. UH, BED EIGHT.
UM, I'M -- I'M ON MY WAY.
OKAY. YES.
Woman: YEAH.
Man: YOU'VE GOT MORE INCOMING?
I WAS PAGED
ABOUT A HIP?
YES. JEAN DOMINY, 75 --
ANGIOPLASTY PATIENT,
DISCHARGED LAST WEEK,
BROUGHT IN TODAY WITH SHORTNESS
OF BREATH AFTER A FALL.
WELL, I FELL OUT OF BED,
DEAR, ONTO MY HIP.
I'M PRETTY SURE
I BUSTED THE DAMN THING.
YOU KNOW, I HAD IT REPLACED
15 YEARS AGO.
OH, WOW. OKAY, SO THE EARTHQUAKE
THREW YOU OFF BALANCE?
YES. WELL,
THAT AND HERBERT.
HE LIVES
DOWN THE HALL.
I INVITED HIM OVER SO
I COULD SPIT-SHINE HIS 9 IRON.
[ CHUCKLES ]
HIS CLUB, DEARS.
OH, OF COURSE.
I MEAN, HIS PENIS --
OHH.
ANYWAY, WELL,
WE WERE HAVING SEX.
YOU KNOW, VIGOROUSLY,
LEGS UP IN THE AIR.
I MEAN -- WELL, YOU --
YOU KNOW HOW IT GOES.
MM-HMM.
AND THEN --
OKAY. SO I'LL CHECK OFF THE BOX
FOR "SEXUALLY ACTIVE."
YEAH.
OH, UH, YEAH.
SEE, I HAVE THIS BOOK
WITH ALL THE POSITIONS LISTED.
IT IS LIKE A MENU
FOR LOVE-MAKING.
REALLY?
AND, ANYWAY, WE WERE TRYING
NUMBER 28, YOU KNOW THE...
UH-HUH. OH.
AND THEN THE EARTH
STARTED SHAKING.
[ SIGHS ]
AND I THOUGHT, "WHOA, THERE
IS NO WAY THAT HERBERT --"
OW!
OOH.
HMM.
SEE, NOW,
THAT'S NO GOOD.
I'LL NEVER GET TO 29
IF I'M HURTING LIKE THAT.
[ ELEVATOR BELL DINGS ]
[ LAUGHS ]
Y-YOU CAN FIX IT,
RIGHT?
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT.
WE'RE GONNA GET YOU SOME FILMS.
AND THEN WE'LL GO
FROM THERE, OKAY?
UH-HUH. OKAY.
OKAY.
14-YEAR-OLD MALE, SUSTAINED
A NON-DISPLACED TIB-FIB FRACTURE
SECONDARY TO A 14-FOOT FALL
FROM A CHAIR LIFT.
44-YEAR-OLD MALE
WITH BLUNT ABDOMINAL TRAUMA.
B.P. IS 135 OVER 85,
PULSE 95.
SO, YOU ALL WERE SKIING
WHEN THE EARTHQUAKE HIT?
IF ONLY.
DIDN'T EVEN GET A CHANCE TO SKI,
THANKS TO THE DWEEB.
DANIELLE, BE NICE.
Meredith: EDWARDS,
SET UP FOR A TRAUMA PANEL
AND AN ABDOMINAL
ULTRASOUND.
ON IT.
WE WERE ON THE LIFT.
I-I WAS WITH DANIELLE.
BRIAN WAS WITH MICAH.
EVERYTHING STARTED SHAKING,
AND THEY FELL.
YOU MEAN "THE DWEEB FELL."
DAD TRIED TO STOP HIM.
AND HE TOOK MY DAD
DOWN WITH HIM.
DANIELLE!
YOU KNOW, HE SHOULDN'T
HAVE BEEN UP THERE.
HE DOESN'T SKI.
HE DIDN'T EVEN WANT TO GO.
OKAY, WHY DON'T YOU
AND YOUR MOM
GO WAIT IN THE WAITING ROOM,
PLEASE?
SHE'S NOT MY MOM.
YET.
WE'RE ENGAGED.
BRIAN THOUGHT WE SHOULD TAKE
A FAMILY SKI TRIP.
OF COURSE, WE ALWAYS DO
WHAT BRIAN WANTS TO DO.
SHUT YOUR FACE.
WHY DON'T WE ALL
SHUT OUR FACES
AND LET US FIGURE OUT WHAT'S
WRONG WITH YOU GUYS, OKAY?
HEY, WE NEED TO
RE-STOCK THE SUPPLY CART
IN TRAUMA TWO RIGHT AWAY.
RIGHT AWAY.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
HEY, THAT KID IN BED TWO'S
READY TO BE DISCHARGED.
DITTO BED ONE,
WHO HAS HYPOCHONDRIA
AND NOT A GIANT TUMOR
GROWING IN HER HEAD.
[ SIREN WAILS IN DISTANCE ]
[ LAUGHS ]
UM, HEARD ANYTHING FROM HERMAN?
HOW'S SHE DOING?
[ TELEPHONE RINGING ]
OOH, UM...
"ENJOYING BLIND INSTITUTE.
"LEARNING HOW
TO NOT BUMP INTO THINGS.
"NOT TYPING THIS, OBVI.
DON'T KILL ANY BABIES."
[ LAUGHS ] OKAY, WELL,
SHE SOUNDS ALL RIGHT.
[ RINGING CONTINUES ]
IS SOMEBODY GONNA ANSWER
THAT CALL?
NOT IT.
YEAH, NO, ALL YOURS.
[ RINGING CONTINUES ]
Woman:
I'LL PAGE SOMEONE FOR YOU.
Man: THANK YOU.
GREY-SLOAN EMERGENCY.
RUBY: Is this the hospital?
I need help.
WELL, YOU NEED TO HANG UP
AND CALL 911.
I tried. It was busy.
My mom fell off a chair.
She's not moving.
I-I don't know what to do.
What do I do?
YOUR -- YOUR WHAT? YOUR MOM?
HOW OLD ARE YOU?
I'm 11.
[ SIGHS ] WHERE ARE YOU?
O-Our cabin. I don't know.
The power's out. Please help.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
ALL RIGHT, IT'S ALL RIGHT.
JUST -- JUST HANG ON.
SOMEBODY -- KEPNER,
GET ON WITH 911
AND GET THEM TO TRACE THE CALL
ON LINE THREE RIGHT NOW.
IT'S A KID WITH HER INJURED MOM
IN THE MOUNTAINS SOMEWHERE.
GO.
OKAY.
RUBY:
Are you still there?
I'M HERE.
I'M RIGHT HERE.
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
Ruby.
RUBY, I'M OWEN.
Are you a doctor?
Can -- Can you help?
I CAN. I'M RIGHT HERE,
AND I'M GOING TO HELP YOU.
[ RUMBLING ]
RUBY:
We were making S'mores.
She was getting hot chocolate
from the cabinet.
Woman: WATCH YOUR BACK.
YES, IT'S A LINE COMING
INTO GREY-SLOAN MEMORIAL.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
She was standing on the chair,
and then everything was shaking.
Then she fell. Now --
Now she's on the floor.
I-I can barely
see anything.
SHE'S ON THE FLOOR.
IS SHE AWAKE?
Woman: TWO HOURS!
I WAITED TWO HOURS!
No. What do I do?
AND NOW I STILL CAN'T
LEAVE BECAUSE SOMEBODY
DOUBLE-PARKED BEHIND ME!
SHH. QUIET, PLEASE.
DON'T YOU HAVE SECURITY HERE
OR A VALET?
LISTEN, I-I'LL FIND SOMEONE --
YOU BETTER WAIVE MY CO-PAY!
HE SAID, "QUIET"!
[ RADIO CHATTER ]
Man: I'LL GET IT.
I'LL HELP YOU.
RUBY, I AM GONNA MOVE
TO ANOTHER PHONE
SO I CAN HEAR YOU BETTER.
RUBY: Don't hang up.
NO, NO, NO. I'M JUST -- I'M JUST
MOVING TO ANOTHER PHONE.
I'LL --
I'LL BE RIGHT THERE, OKAY?
OKAY?
Okay.
OKAY.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
I ALWAYS
SCREW THIS UP.
What?
NO, NO, NO. NO.
NOTHING. DON'T WORRY.
UH, I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
JUST HANG ON.
WHERE'S THAT
CHEST X-RAY?
[ SIGHS ]
[ BEEPING ]
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
[ TELEPHONE RINGING ]
MOVE, MOVE.
RUBY, YOU STILL THERE?
RUBY: I-I'm here.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
OKAY.
[ BEEP ]
UH,
IS YOUR MOM BREATHING?
Uh, yes, yes.
I-I-It sounds like
she's snoring.
AND IS --
WHAT POSITION IS SHE IN?
IS SHE ON HER SIDE?
IS SHE --
She's on her back.
She's just laying there.
11-YEAR-OLD KID --
HER MOM FELL AT
A VACATION CABIN SOMEWHERE.
UH, KEPNER'S TRYING
TO TRACE THE CALL.
UH, RUBY, I NEED YOU
TO HOLD THE PHONE
TO YOUR MOM'S MOUTH,
OKAY?
I NEED TO LISTEN.
Okay.
[ Ragged breathing ]
AN OBSTRUCTED AIRWAY.
WE NEED A TRAUMA ROOM.
THIS ONE'S FREE, RIGHT?
NO.
OCCUPIED, APPARENTLY.
SHE NEEDS TO CALL 911
FROM A LAND LINE.
IT'S THE ONLY WAY THE E.M.S.
CAN TRACE HER DIRECTLY.
RUBY, LISTEN TO ME.
UH, WHAT KIND OF PHONE
ARE YOU CALLING ON?
IF IT IS THE PHONE
IN THE CABIN,
YOU NEED TO HANG UP
AND CALL 911.
RUBY: No, that one's dead.
I-I'm on a cell -- my mom's.
[ SIGHS ] CELL WON'T WORK.
CRAP. OKAY, OKAY.
Her --
her lips are blue.
Why are her lips
turning blue?
[ SIGHS ]
BECAUSE YOUR MOM'S
NOT GETTING ENOUGH AIR.
[ SIREN WAILS IN DISTANCE ]
SO, NO GO
ON THE OPEN TRAUMA ROOM.
IT'S FINE. THESE INJURIES
LOOK PRETTY SUPERFICIAL.
YOU KNOW, WE WOULD BE
ON THE WOLF RUN RIGHT NOW
IF IT WAS JUST YOU AND ME
ON THE TRIP,
LIKE IT WAS
SUPPOSED TO BE.
DANI, HONEY,
THIS IS NOT MICAH'S FAULT.
IT'S NOT HIS FAULT
HE CAN'T SIT IN A CHAIR?
BECAUSE I THINK
IT IS.
THE KIDS...
DON'T GET ALONG.
OH, YOU'RE KIDDING.
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ SIGHS ]
KAREN AND I GOT ENGAGED
OVER THE SUMMER
AFTER THREE YEARS
OF DATING.
I WOULD HAVE PROPOSED AFTER
THE THIRD DATE, BUT THE KIDS...
I THOUGHT,
"LET'S TAKE A TRIP.
"LET'S DO SOMETHING TOGETHER
AS A FAMILY,
SEE IF
IT MIGHT HELP."
I THINK
I MADE IT WORSE.
[ TELEPHONE RINGING ]
DO YOU THINK
I MAKE IT WORSE?
[ INHALES DEEPLY ]
SOMETIMES, ADVERSITY
CAN MAKE A FAMILY STRONGER.
[ SIGHS ]
OR TEAR IT APART.
I'M JUST SAYING,
SWAP ME OUT.
I WANT TO BE CLOSE
TO THE GOOD STUFF.
NOT THAT
YOU'RE NOT THE GOOD STUFF,
BUT SHE'S GOT
A STREAK GOING.
STOP SAYING THAT, AND DEFINITELY
DON'T SAY IT TO MEREDITH,
UNLESS YOU WANT IT
TO END.
YOU'LL JINX HER.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
OW.
THAT HURTS?
I'M CONCERNED ABOUT
THIS ABDOMINAL TENDERNESS.
SCHEDULE A C.T.
AND RUSH HIS LABS.
SO -- SO, YOU'RE NOT
GONNA SWAP ME OUT?
NEVER MIND.
Ellie: COULD YOU
GO BACK ONE?
[ BEEPING ]
ONE MORE?
[ HORN HONKS IN DISTANCE ]
THIS ONE.
UH, HOW SOON
CAN WE DO IT?
Ben: WELL -- WELL, UH...
YOU KNOW WHAT?
WE'RE NOT GONNA SCHEDULE
THE SURGERY QUITE YET.
BUT I WANT TO DO IT
BEFORE SUMMER.
SIX WEEKS.
THEN WE'LL ALL MEET AGAIN.
WE'LL TALK THROUGH
OUR OPTIONS.
THANKS FOR COMING IN.
YEAH,
I DON'T GET IT.
ARE WE NO LONGER
GRANTING WISHES TODAY, OR --
DID YOU SEE
HOW SHE LOOKED TO THE BOYFRIEND?
HE'S NOT HERE FOR SUPPORT.
HE'S HERE FOR APPROVAL.
SIX WEEKS.
THAT'S HOW LONG
IT'S GONNA TAKE HER TO REALIZE
THAT IT'S NOT HER WISH
THAT WE'D BE GRANTING.
SO, YOU'RE SAYING
SHE WAS BEING TOO HASTY.
I'M SAYING I'M NOT GIVING
THAT GIRL A SET OF NEW BREASTS
THAT WERE NEVER HER IDEA
IN THE FIRST PLACE.
THAT'S JUST
A BRA FULL OF REGRET.
ALL RIGHT,
TIME TO POWER UP.
THE POSSE'S
GOT A BIG AFTERNOON.
Owen: RUBY,
OPEN YOUR MOM'S MOUTH
AND --
AND TAKE TWO FINGERS
AND SWEEP THE BACK
OF YOUR MOM'S THROAT,
LIKE A...
LIKE A SCOOPING MOTION.
SHE MIGHT HAVE SOMETHING
BLOCKING HER AIRWAY.
LET'S SEE
IF YOU CAN GET IT.
RUBY: O-okay, okay.
There's nothing.
What now?
TRY A HEIMLICH. GIVE A HARD PUSH
ON YOUR MOM'S --
Belly? I've seen it on TV.
How hard do I...?
AS HARD AS YOU CAN.
[ Grunting ]
Nothing happened.
Nothing --
Nothing came out. Her --
Her breathing's getting worse.
OKAY, UM...
OKAY, OKAY, WE'RE GONNA --
WE'RE GONNA TRY OPENING
HER AIRWAY ANOTHER WAY.
I-I NEED YOU TO PUT YOUR HAND
UNDER YOUR MOM'S CHIN
AND VERY GENTLY
LIFT IT UP.
NO, WAIT, STOP.
YOU'LL -- YOU'LL PARALYZE HER.
[ SIREN WAILS IN DISTANCE ]
H-Hello?
What should I do?
SO,
THE GOOD NEWS IS,
YOUR EKG AND CHEST FILMS
CAME BACK CLEAR.
OH, SO MY TICKER'S GOOD.
HOW ABOUT MY KICKER?
[ LAUGHS ]
WELL, YOU HAVE WHAT IS CALLED
A BELOW-THE-STEM FEMUR FRACTURE.
OOPSY.
NOW, YOU HAVE TWO CRACKS IN
THE BONE -- ONE HERE AND HERE.
SO, UH, HOW DO WE GET ME
BACK IN THE SADDLE?
[ LAUGHS ]
SO TO SPEAK.
WELL, I WOULD LIKE TO
COMPLETELY REPLACE THE HARDWARE.
NOW, IT'S A VERY BIG SURGERY,
AND IT DOES CARRY RISKS,
BUT YOU WOULD COME OUT OF IT
WITH FULL FLEXIBILITY,
WHICH I THINK IS WHAT --
SO I'D BE GOOD TO GO
O-ON MY BACK?
YOU SHOULD BE. MM-HMM.
OR ON MY SIDE.
OR -- OR THAT THING,
YOU KNOW,
WHERE YOU BEND OVER THE COUCH
AND THEN HE, UH --
LIKE I SAID,
FULL FLEXIBILITY.
YEAH, OKAY, BUT CONSIDERING
YOUR CARDIAC HISTORY,
I'M NOT SURE A BIG SURGERY
IS A GREAT IDEA.
TELL ME DEAR, UM,
HAVE YOU EVER BEEN MARRIED?
ARE YOU SEEING ANYONE OR...
GETTING LAID?
WELL, THAT'S NOT --
I MEAN --
YOU SEE, I WAS MARRIED
TO MY HUSBAND FOR 44 YEARS.
THAT'S 44 YEARS
WITH THE SAME MAN.
WE HAD THREE CHILDREN,
SEVEN GRANDCHILDREN,
AND A LIFETIME
OF MEMORIES.
HUH.
HE WAS THE FIRST MAN
THAT I EVER LOVED.
AND HE'S THE ONLY MAN
THAT I EVER WILL LOVE.
BUT I'LL BE HOT-DAMNED
IF HE'S GOING TO BE THE ONLY MAN
TO EVER
RAZZ MY BERRIES.
I MEAN,
I HAVE TIME LEFT,
AND THERE'S STILL THINGS
THAT I WANT TO DO, YOU KNOW?
THERE'S THINGS THAT --
THAT I HAVEN'T DONE,
AND THERE'S
A WHOLE LOT OF THINGS THAT,
I-I MEAN, I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW
YOU COULD DO.
YOU KNOW -- YOU KNOW, LIKE THAT
THING WHERE YOU GO -- YOU KNOW?
YEAH. YEAH. YEAH.
RIGHT, RIGHT, WE GOT IT.
YEAH.
[ SIGHS, LAUGHS ]
I MEAN,
WHAT'S THE POINT OF LIVING
I-IF YOU CAN'T
TRY SOMETHING NEW?
HMM?
I WANT THAT SURGERY.
SOUNDS GOOD.
THAT IS A 5-HOUR SURGERY
ON A 75-YEAR-OLD
WHO HAS A STENT
AND IS ON BLOOD THINNERS.
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU WOULD
SUGGEST A SURGERY LIKE THAT
TO A PATIENT WITHOUT
RUNNING IT BY ME FIRST.
I'M SORRY.
YOU CALLED ME FOR MY OPINION.
LOOK, I DO HIP REPLACEMENTS
ALL THE TIME
ON FAR OLDER PATIENTS
WITH FAR WEAKER HEARTS.
SHE IS CLEARLY
STILL ACTIVE.
UH, I THINK HER HEART'S
IN PRETTY GOOD SHAPE.
THAT'S NOT YOUR CALL.
OKAY, WE ARE TALKING ABOUT
A HEALTHY, VIBRANT WOMAN HERE.
SHE DESERVES THE BEST QUALITY
OF LIFE THAT WE CAN GIVE HER.
IF SHE WANTS A NEW HIP,
THAT'S HER CALL.
SO SHE CAN GET LAID?
REALLY? REALLY?
YOU THINK
THAT'S IMPORTANT ENOUGH
TO RISK HER DYING
ON THE TABLE?
IF HER HIP IS SO DAMAGED
THAT SHE WINDS UP IMMOBILIZED
AND BED-RIDDEN
FOR THE REST OF HER LIFE,
THEN, YEAH, I SURE DO,
BECAUSE EITHER WAY, SHE'S DYING.
[ INDISTINCT TALKING OVER P.A. ]
FINE. I WILL REEVALUATE THE
IMAGES AND TAKE A CLOSER LOOK.
MAYBE THERE'S ANOTHER OPTION.
[ SIGHS ] OKAY?
THANK YOU.
Richard: KEPNER TOLD ME
ABOUT THE LITTLE GIRL.
WHAT CAN I DO?
WHAT? CAN I HELP?
WE ARE TRYING TO GET AN AIRWAY.
BY RISKING PARALYSIS.
I'D RATHER HAVE HER PARALYZED
AND ALIVE
THAN DEAD
WITH RESPIRATORY ARREST.
DO YOU HAVE
A BETTER IDEA?
RUBY: H-Hello?
Are you still there?
[ BEEP ]
RUBY. GO AHEAD.
LIFT HER CHIN
AND PULL IT FORWARD -- GENTLY.
O-Okay.
OKAY, NOW PUT THE PHONE
ON YOUR MOM'S CHEST OKAY?
AND LET ME LISTEN.
[ Deep breathing ]
THE STRIDOR'S GONE.
SHE OPENED THE AIRWAY,
BUT --
SHE STILL COULD BE
IN DISTRESS.
MM.
IT'S SOMETHING ELSE.
[ INHALES SHARPLY ]
RUBY, PUT YOUR HEAD
ON YOUR MOM'S CHEST
ON THE LEFT SIDE
AND LISTEN.
RUBY:
I don't hear anything.
What am I listening for?
BREATHING.
DO YOU HEAR HER BREATHING?
No.
OWEN.
[ SIGHS ]
OKAY, OKAY, UM, OKAY, RUBY,
NOW PUT YOUR EAR
ON THE RIGHT SIDE
AND LISTEN.
ANYTHING?
RUBY?
She -- She's breathing!
I-I hear it!
OKAY,
COULD BE A TENSION PNEUMO.
MM-HMM.
RUBY, UM, NOW JUST PUSH
THE PHONE INTO YOUR MOM'S CHEST,
R-RIGHT WHERE
YOU WERE JUST LISTENING.
JUST PUSH THE PHONE IN
AND MOVE IT.
[ Crackling ]
[ Deep breathing ]
THAT'S SUB-Q AIR.
DO YOU HEAR THAT?
MM-HMM.
SHE'S GONNA NEED --
SHE'S GONNA NEED TO
RELEASE THE TRAPPED AIR
WITH A CHEST TUBE
OR SOMETHING.
OKAY.
IT'S -- IT'S THE ONLY WAY,
OR HER MOM'S GONNA SUFFOCATE.
OH, YOU MEAN --
YOU'RE GONNA
ASK HER TO --
OKAY. RUBY, I'M GONNA ASK YOU
TO TRY SOMETHING.
IT'S GONNA BE FINE,
AND I'M GONNA WALK YOU
THROUGH IT, STEP BY STEP, OKAY?
RUBY: O-Okay,
but can you tell me fast?
The phone keeps beeping.
I-I think
it's running out of battery.
[ WHIRRING ]
[ INDISTINCT TALKING OVER P.A. ]
[ TELEPHONE RINGING ]
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I AM HIDING OUT.
WE'RE WAITING
ON THE DAD'S LABS,
BUT I COULDN'T SIT THERE
AND LISTEN TO THOSE TWO
BITE EACH OTHER'S HEADS OFF
ANYMORE.
MM. ME, NEITHER.
BRIAN'S LABS CAME BACK CLEAR.
HOW'S MICAH?
LOOKS LIKE A GRADE IV
SPLENIC LAC, POSSIBLE RUPTURE.
WE NEED TO
PREP HIM FOR EX-LAP.
[ RAPID BEEPING ]
WHAT?
HE'S CRASHING.
CRAP.
OH, CRAP!
HIS PRESSURE'S
BOTTOMING OUT.
HURRY UP!
HE'S IN V-FIB.
WE GOT TO BAG HIM.
ONE, TWO, THREE.
EASY.
WHERE IS THAT CRASH CART?
I NEED THOSE PADDLES.
[ BEEPING CONTINUES ]
ALMOST HERE.
THERE'S NO TIME.
[ RHYTHMIC BEEPING ]
[ EXHALES SHARPLY ]
GOT A RHYTHM.
EDWARDS, YOU AND WILSON GO
AND PREP THAT O.R., PLEASE.
MAGICAL.
TOLD YOU.
WHAT?
NOTHING.
GET GOING. MOVE.
Owen: RUBY, DO YOU GUYS
HAVE STRAWS IN THE KITCHEN?
RUBY: No.
A PEN, MAYBE?
A BALLPOINT PEN?
ANYTHING?
NOT YET. LINES ARE DOWN
BECAUSE OF THE EARTHQUAKE.
THEY'RE TRYING TO TRIANGULATE
FROM THE CELL TOWERS.
HOW'S THE MOM?
OKAY.
Wait! Wait. We got milkshakes
on the way here.
Got a straw!
GREAT. NOW, WE'RE GONNA
NEED YOU TO GET A --
Amelia: WHAT? WHAT?
I DON'T WANT TO
ASK HER TO DO THIS.
[ SIGHS ]
RUBY, WE'RE GONNA...
WE'RE GONNA NEED YOU
TO GET A KNIFE.
NOT A BIG ONE,
BUT A SHARP...
Y-YOU WERE MAKING S'MORES?
ARE THE SKEWERS THERE?
Y-yes. Got one.
Oh, God.
You want me to stick this
into her, don't you?
RUBY, YOU CAN DO THIS. YOU CAN.
IT'S GONNA HELP YOUR MOM, OKAY?
WE JUST NEED YOU
TO FIND THE --
SECOND INTERCOSTAL.
I DON'T KNOW
HOW TO EXPLAIN THAT TO HER.
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
UM...RUBY.
OKAY, UM, TOUCH YOUR MOM'S
LEFT COLLARBONE,
THE ONE THAT LOOKS LIKE A WING,
COMING OUT FROM HER NECK.
NOW WALK YOUR FINGERS
DOWN FROM IT.
TWO STEPS.
YOU GOT IT?
Okay. One.
Two.
STOP.
STOP. NOW SLIDE YOUR FINGER
RIGHT UNDERNEATH THAT RIB.
AND WITH YOUR OTHER HAND,
RIGHT ABOVE THAT FINGER,
PUSH THE SKEWER IN
ABOUT AN INCH.
RUBY: I can't do that.
RUBY, YES YOU CAN.
WHAT IF WE'RE WRONG?
I'M NOT WRONG.
OKAY.
RUBY, YOU CAN DO THIS.
SHE COULD PUNCTURE
HER HEART.
SHE WON'T.
RUBY, RIGHT NOW.
Oh, God.
RUBY, PUSH. HARD.
PUSH HARD.
PUSH HARD. RIGHT NOW.
Aah! Oh, my God!
Oh! There's blood!
She -- She's bleeding!
IT'S OKAY. IT'S OKAY.
NOW TAKE THE --
TAKE THE STRAW
AND PUT IT OVER THE SKEWER
INTO THE HOLE
THAT YOU JUST MADE
AND PUSH HARD.
She's breathing a lot!
YOU DID IT.
THANK GOD.
[ SIGHS ]
Wait, wait.
She stopped.
Her lips
are going blue again.
RUBY, PUT YOUR FINGERS
ON THE RIGHT SIDE OF HER NECK,
RIGHT BY HER THROAT.
DO YOU FEEL A PULSE?
RUBY: No.
OKAY. [ SIGHS ]
RUBY, I NEED YOU
TO GET ON TOP OF YOUR MOM
AND PUT YOUR HANDS ON HER CHEST
AND PUSH HARD RIGHT NOW.
OKAY, I'M GONNA TEACH YOU
HOW TO DO CPR.
ALL RIGHT,
LET'S TAKE A LOOK.
[ KEYBOARD CLACKS ]
YIKES. THAT HIP
TOOK A HELL OF A POUNDING.
[ LAUGHS ]
OH, ETHAN, YOU HAVE NO IDEA.
COULD YOU PLEASE ZOOM IN
ON THE RIGHT FEMORAL PROSTHESIS?
SURE THING.
TWICE IN ONE DAY,
DR. PIERCE.
[ LAUGHS ] YEAH. CAREFUL,
OR YOU'LL GET SICK OF ME.
UNLIKELY.
[ TELEPHONE RINGING ]
YEAH, SEE THAT?
THERE.
HER FEMUR DISTAL TO THE STEM
IS CRACKED.
HER HIP ISN'T GONNA RESOLVE
ON ITS OWN.
[ SIGHS ]
SHE NEEDS SURGERY.
ALTHOUGH, OH, I GUESS THE
FEMUR FRACTURE ISN'T DISPLACED.
MAYBE I COULD PUT IN A PLATE
TO BRIDGE THE FRACTURE,
GO IN FROM THE SIDE.
IT WOULD BE
A LITTLE LESS INVASIVE.
AND LESS TIME
IN THE O.R.?
OH, A LOT LESS,
ACTUALLY.
GOOD, SO SHE COULD STAY
ON HER BLOOD THINNERS,
SUBSTANTIALLY LOWERING
THE RISK TO HER HEART.
AND SHE CAN GET BACK
TO GETTING HER FREAK ON.
[ LAUGHS ]
I'LL LET HER KNOW.
[ SCOFFS ]
I'VE BEEN TAKING THE STAIRS,
BY THE WAY.
SINCE THIS MORNING,
YOU KNOW, JUST IN CASE.
OH, I WASN'T -- I WASN'T SERIOUS
BEFORE. I WAS JUST --
YEAH, I KNOW.
I'M NOT ACTUALLY
TAKING THE STAIRS.
OH. OKAY.
I WOULD LIKE TO TAKE YOU OUT,
THOUGH, SOMETIME.
MAYBE FOR COFFEE?
OR A DRINK?
OR...?
THE POINT IS,
I'M FLEXIBLE.
THIS IS COMING OUT
ALL WRONG.
I'M GONNA START OVER --
NO, NO, IT'S --
I'M GONNA STOP YOU, ACTUALLY.
[ SIGHS ]
I'M SORRY, ETHAN.
YOU SEEM REALLY...
TALL AND NICE.
BUT I'M JUST --
I'M NOT...
I DON'T...
SURE. THAT'S OKAY.
I UNDERSTAND.
OKAY.
THIS IS BASICALLY
MY OFFICE,
SO, IF YOU'RE WAITING
FOR ME
TO MAKE THIS LESS AWKWARD
BY LEAVING, I...
OH, RIGHT.
OF COURSE. OKAY.
I'M GONNA
GET OUT OF HERE.
TAKE THIS WITH ME.
BYE.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
[ SIGHS ]
IS KAREN AROUND?
SHE WENT
TO GET SNACKS.
HOW'S MICAH?
Alex: ACTUALLY, UH,
WE NEED TO TALK TO KAREN.
SORRY. LEGALLY, WE CAN ONLY TALK
TO THE LEGAL PARENT.
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
Danielle: WHO CARES?
DANI!
WHAT?
THEY DIDN'T HAVE TURKEY,
SO I GOT A HAM AND SWISS.
UGH. NAST.
LOVELY. REALLY?
THEY HAVE NEWS ON MICAH.
MICAH'S STABLE,
BUT I'M AFRAID HIS INJURY
IS WORSE THAN WE THOUGHT.
HIS SPLEEN IS RUPTURED,
AND HE'S LOST A LOT OF BLOOD.
HE HAD A CARDIAC EPISODE
IN C.T., AND HIS HEART
STOPPED BEATING.
OH, GOD.
Meredith: BUT WE'RE
TAKING HIM TO SURGERY NOW.
WE DO HAVE TO
REMOVE HIS SPLEEN.
OH, MY GOD.
WHAT WERE WE DOING
UP THERE?
WHY DID I LET YOU TALK US
INTO THAT STUPID SKI TRIP?
KAREN, COME ON.
I-IT -- IT WAS AN ACCIDENT.
BUT HE DIDN'T WANT TO GO.
THERE WAS AN EARTHQUAKE.
KAREN, COME ON.
FOR GOD'S SAKE, THIS IS --
I-I DIDN'T PLAN ON ANY--
OKAY, SO WE WILL
GIVE YOU AN UPDATE
AS SOON AS MICAH
IS OUT OF SURGERY.
[ INHALES SHARPLY ]
HE'S 14.
HE'S 14!
THIS COUPLE MIGHT BE THE BIGGEST
CASUALTY OF THE EARTHQUAKE.
OH, MY GOD!
RUBY,
YOU'RE DOING GREAT.
RUBY:
My battery's at 5%.
I'm -- I'm getting tired.
YOU CAN DO THIS.
JUST KEEP PUSHING.
PUSH, PUSH, PUSH, OVER AND OVER,
LIKE THE BEAT OF A SONG.
UH, RUBY, DO YOU KNOW THE SONG
"STAYIN' ALIVE"?
Is it new?
[ LAUGHS ]
UH, WE'LL SING IT
FOR YOU, OKAY?
AND YOU JUST -- YOU PUSH
TO THE BEAT, JUST LIKE THIS...
♪ HA, HA, HA, HA ♪
♪ STAYIN' ALIVE,
STAYIN' ALIVE ♪
♪ HUH, HUH ♪
All: ♪ HA, HA,
STAYIN' ALIVE, STAYIN' ALIVE ♪
OKAY, RUBY, YOU SING NOW.
YOU SING WITH US.
Both: ♪ HA, HA, HA, HA,
STAYIN' ALIVE, STAYIN' ALIVE ♪
THEY FOUND THE REGION.
RUBY, DID YOU HEAR THAT?
♪ HA, HA, HA, HA ♪
HELP IS ON THEIR WAY.
THEY'RE GONNA FIND YOU.
♪ STAYIN' ALIVE, STAYIN' ALIVE ♪
SOME OF THE ROADS
ARE BLOCKED.
THEY'RE SENDING
A HELICOPTER,
AND THEY DON'T KNOW
HOW LONG IT WILL TAKE.
♪ HA, HA, HA, HA,
STAYIN' ALIVE, STAYIN' ALIVE ♪
OKAY, RUBY, YOU JUST KEEP GOING
UNTIL THEY FIND YOU, OKAY?
♪ HA, HA, HA, HA,
STAYIN' ALIVE, STAYIN' ALIVE ♪
YOU KEEP SINGING,
AND YOU KEEP PUSHING.
AND WHEN
THEY FIND YOU,
U-USE THEIR PHONE
AND YOU CALL ME BACK.
♪ HA, HA, HA, HA ♪
RUBY: [ Voice breaking ] Okay.
♪ STAYIN' ALIVE, STAYIN' ALIVE ♪
OKAY.
♪ HA, HA, HA, HA,
STAYIN' ALIVE, STAYIN' ALIVE ♪
[ Static ]
♪ Ha, ha, ha, ha,
stayin' alive, stayin' alive ♪
♪ Ha, ha, ha, ha -- ♪
[ Static ]
RUBY?
[ SIGHS ]
SHE'S GONE.
THEY'LL FIND HER.
SHE'LL CALL.
YEAH, SHE COULD BE
ON HER WAY IN RIGHT NOW.
[ SIGHS ]
UNLESS SHE'S ALONE
IN A CABIN WITH HER DEAD MOTHER.
SHE'LL CALL.
ANYTHING?
[ SIGHS ]
SHE'LL CALL.
Alex: DID YOU HEAR THE MOM
GOING AT THAT GUY?
THAT COUPLE IS DOOMED --
ALL THAT FIGHTING.
I DO NOT MISS THAT.
[ SUCTION ]
LOOK AT US -- WE'RE BOTH
IN ADULT, STABLE RELATIONSHIPS.
FOR ONCE, WE'RE ON
THE HEALTHY SIDE OF THINGS.
SURE.
I HAD TO CANCEL D.C.,
BUT IT'S OKAY.
SOMETIMES HE CANCELS,
AND I SAY IT'S OKAY.
WE'RE HAPPY.
WE'RE IN A GROOVE.
KIND OF SOUNDS
LIKE A RUT.
WE ARE NOT IN A RUT.
WHATEVER.
I RESENT YOU
SAYING IT.
OKAY.
AND YOU'RE HARDLY AN EXPERT
AT LONG-TERM RELATIONSHIPS.
REALLY?
AND THAT'S NOT EVEN TRUE.
WHAT? IZZIE?
THAT WAS A CANCER MARRIAGE
THAT LASTED FIVE MINUTES.
OH, AND THEN THERE WAS AVA,
WHO PEED ON MY COUCH.
ALL RIGHT,
WOULD YOU QUIT IT?
NO, THERE'S ONE MORE
I'M FORGETTING.
HELLO?
I'M RIGHT HERE.
OH, I KNOW.
THE NURSE WHO HAD SYPH.
AS IN SYPHILIS?!
IT WAS A LONG TIME AGO,
WILSON.
RELAX. BOVIE.
IT'S NOT A RUT.
I HAVE AN ENTIRE WORLD
TO MANAGE, ALL ON MY OWN.
MY WORLD DOES NOT
AND SHOULD NOT
REVOLVE AROUND
DEREK SHEPHERD.
I WANTED TO GO TO D.C.
THIS WEEKEND,
BUT I'M A BUSY SURGEON
WITH TWO KIDS AT HOME,
AND HE'S AT THE N.I.H.
SO RIGHT NOW, WE'RE JUST
GOING TO HAVE TO ACCEPT
THAT THIS IS THE WAY
OUR LIVES WORK.
BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN
WE'RE NOT HAPPY.
ALL RIGHT, FINE.
YOU HAVE A HAPPY MARRIAGE.
WITH NO HUSBAND IN IT.
[ DRILL WHIRS ]
ALL RIGHT, PLATE'S IN POSITION.
I'LL BE PLACING THE SCREWS NEXT.
HER PRESSURE'S GOOD.
RHYTHM'S STABLE.
SO...YOU AND ETHAN.
IS THAT A THING?
OH, NO. I'M NOT --
N-NO, HE'S NOT MY TYPE.
SURE. RIGHT.
YOU'RE NOT SO INTO CUTE,
SMART, OR FUNNY?
NO, HE IS.
I MEAN, HE -- HE'S GREAT.
HE'S, UM --
HE'S A RADIOLOGIST.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
DID -- DID YOU JUST GO
ALL UPSTAIRS/DOWNSTAIRS?
NO. NO!
NO, I DIDN'T MEAN IT
LIKE THAT.
NO, I JUST --
I DON'T DATE AT WORK.
OR YOU DON'T DATE DOWN AT WORK.
NO, NO, IT'S COOL.
DON'T WORRY. I'M SURE YOU HAVE
MANY OTHER FINE QUALITIES.
IT'S OKAY
IF YOU'RE KIND OF A SNOB.
OH! I AM NOT A --
GOD, YOU MAKE ME SOUND AWFUL.
"DATING DOWN"?
WHAT IS THAT EVEN?
I-I JUST DON'T DATE PEOPLE
WHO ARE --
BENEATH YOU?
NO, THAT IS NOT
WHAT I WAS GOING TO SAY.
UNDERLINGS?
NO, STOP IT.
I WASN'T GONNA SAY --
[ British accent ] JUST A LOWLY
MAKER OF X-RAYS, MADAM.
I DIDN'T MEAN TO...
WILL YOU STOP IT?!
AND WE'LL USE THE RASP
TO SMOOTH OUT THE BRIDGE.
YOU KNOW,
MRS. THURMAN COULD COME OUT
LOOKING LIKE
A COMPLETELY DIFFERENT PERSON.
SO THAT
SHE CAN BE HAPPY
WITH WHAT SHE SEES
IN THE MIRROR.
BUT WHAT IF IT'S NOT HER NOSE
THAT MAKES HER UNHAPPY?
I MEAN, MAYBE IT'S SOME OTHER
PART OF HER LIFE, LIKE --
LIKE THAT PATIENT
WITH HER BOYFRIEND'S BOOBS.
HOW CAN YOU BE SURE THAT
SHE'S MAKING THE RIGHT CHOICE?
YOU DO REALIZE
I CAN'T TALK TO YOU
ABOUT YOUR SISTER'S CASE,
RIGHT?
I-I'M NOT ASKING
ABOUT MY SISTER'S CASE.
I-I'M ASKING ABOUT
THIS LADY RIGHT HERE.
ALL RIGHT, WELL, I KNOW
SHE'S MAKING THE RIGHT CHOICE
BECAUSE I TALKED TO HER
AT LENGTH, AND I LISTENED.
AND I'VE...GOTTEN
VERY GOOD AT KNOWING.
[ SIGHS ]
[ TELEPHONE RINGS ]
[ ELEVATOR BELL DINGS ]
44-YEAR-OLD FEMALE --
VITALS STABLE,
TENSION PNEUMO RELIEVED
BY A NEEDLE THORACOSTOMY.
IS SHE OKAY? IS SHE --
TRAUMA FROM THE FALL.
HER PUPILS
ARE FULLY RESPONSIVE.
GCS OF 8.
YEAH, I GOT THIS.
RUBY?
[ GRUNTS ] HEY.
[ CHUCKLES ]
MY PHONE DIED,
BUT I KEPT SINGING TILL
THEY CAME, JUST LIKE YOU SAID.
I KNOW. I KNOW.
YOU DID GREAT.
YOU WERE PERFECT.
[ SOBS ]
YOU'RE OKAY.
HOW IS SHE?
SUBDURAL HEMATOMA
WITH A SHIFT.
WHAT CAN I TELL RUBY?
NOTHING. NOT YET.
[ SIGHS ]
[ RAPID BEEPING ]
HEART RATE'S DROPPING.
DAMN IT.
DRILL -- NOW.
I NEED TO
EVACUATE THIS CLOT.
WHAT CAN I DO?
LET ME HELP.
LET ME WORK.
[ DRILL WHIRRING ]
[ INDISTINCT TALKING OVER P.A. ]
[ TELEPHONE RINGING ]
MRS. THURMAN'S AWAKE.
GOOD.
SHE LOOKS LIKE
SHE'S BEEN IN A BAR FIGHT,
AND SHE SAYS SHE CAN'T WAIT
TO SEE WHAT SHE LOOKS LIKE
WHEN THE SWELLING
GOES DOWN.
WHAT ELSE?
NOTHING.
IT'S A BIG CHANGE.
SHE'S HAD THAT NOSE
FOR PLENTY OF YEARS.
I JUST --
I HOPE SHE DOESN'T REGRET IT.
IT WAS NOT A NEW THING,
THIS CHANGE THAT SHE WANTED.
IT WASN'T A WHIM.
IT WAS HOW
SHE HAD ALWAYS SEEN HERSELF.
HER BEST VERSION
OF HER.
THE ONE
THAT WAS THE MOST TRUE.
NOW, WITH A PATIENT
LIKE THIS ONE,
A PATIENT WHO'S DREAMT
ABOUT THESE CHANGES
SINCE THEY WERE
6 YEARS OLD --
THOSE PATIENTS
DO NOT CHANGE THEIR MIND.
FOR THEM,
CHANGE ISN'T ELECTIVE.
IT'S NOT A CHOICE.
IT'S A CHANCE.
IT IS HER CHANCE.
AND YOU CAN'T KNOW THAT
WITHOUT TALKING.
AND LISTENING.
[ BANKS' "GODDESS" PLAYS ]
[ VOCALIZING ]
IT'S NOT
BECAUSE HE'S A RADIOLOGIST.
OKAY, AND IT'S NOT JUST BECAUSE
I DON'T DATE PEOPLE FROM WORK.
I JUST --
I KIND OF DON'T DATE.
HEY, LISTEN.
[ LAUGHS ]
I WAS JUST GIVING YOU
A HARD TIME.
NO, NO, NO.
I DIDN'T --
THERE'S A GAP
BETWEEN ME AND MOST PEOPLE.
THERE JUST
ALWAYS HAS BEEN.
I USED TO THINK IT WAS BECAUSE
I WAS YOUNGER IN SCHOOL,
BUT EVEN AFTER SCHOOL...
[ SIGHS ]
...THE GAP -- IT JUST GOT BIGGER
AND MORE IMPOSSIBLE.
I WASN'T TOO YOUNG.
I WAS JUST TOO...
DIFFERENT.
SO I KNOW WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE
WHEN I SAY YES TO ETHAN.
IT'S FUN, AND WE'RE HAPPY
FOR AWHILE UNTIL IT'S NOT.
THINGS ALWAYS
GET AWKWARD AND WEIRD.
SO I OVERCORRECT,
OR HE MISINTERPRETS.
AND THEN WE'RE NOT
ON THE SAME PAGE ANYMORE
BECAUSE WE NEVER WERE
ON THE SAME PAGE.
WE WERE ALWAYS MILES AND MILES
APART WITH THIS GAP BETWEEN US,
PRETENDING
IT WASN'T THERE.
I DON'T
WANT TO PRETEND.
I CAME HERE TO WORK
AND JUST STAY FOCUSED ON THAT,
AND I'M FINE
ON MY SIDE OF THE GAP.
I'M A LITTLE LONELY,
BUT...FINE.
THERE'S JUST NO POINT
TO ME SAYING YES.
YEAH.
OKAY,
THAT'S A LOAD OF CRAP.
[ SCOFFS ]
UH, WHEN YOU WERE YOUNGER,
FINE.
KIDS ARE WEIRD.
BUT NOW?
[ LAUGHS ]
YOU'RE A GROWN-UP
DOING YOUR GROWN-UP JOB
WITH OTHER GROWN-UPS.
THERE'S NO GAP.
AND -- AND THERE'S --
THERE'S NOTHING TO LOSE.
THERE'S JUST YOU
BEING SCARED.
AND FOR NO REASON.
[ LAUGHS ]
SO CHOOSE NOT TO BE.
LIFE'S TOO SHORT TO BE SCARED.
SCREW THE GAP.
LET ETHAN -- I DON'T KNOW --
RAZZ YOUR BERRIES.
EW.
OKAY, GOOSE YOUR GANDER.
OKAY.
TICKLE YOUR TAIL FEATHERS.
MM.
CUP YOUR COCONUTS.
NOPE.
ROCK YOUR RUMP.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
POKE YOUR HONTAS.
WALLOP
YOUR WONDERLAND!
[ LAUGHING ]
♪ TRYING TO CLAIM HER,
'CAUSE SHE'S GONE ♪
THERE'S STILL BLEEDING
FROM THE SHORT GASTRIC ARTERIES.
Meredith: I SEE IT.
CLOSE TO THE PANCREAS.
I SEE IT!
WELL, I CAN'T GET TO IT
FROM HERE.
HOW MANY UNITS
DID HE USE?
FOUR UNITS.
IF EVERYONE
WOULD JUST SHUT UP
AND GIVE ME
TWO FREAKING SECONDS,
I CAN GET
THIS SUTURE TO HOLD.
THERE. EDWARDS?
NO LEAKS. LOOKS GOOD.
[ SIGHS ]
THE STREAK'S ALIVE.
WHAT WAS THAT, WILSON?
OH, NO.
WAIT, NOTHING. I DIDN'T -- I
DIDN'T -- I DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING.
YOU SAID,
"THE STREAK IS ALIVE."
NO!
NO, I SAID, "FREAK."
I SAID,
"THE FREAK IS ALIVE."
NO, YOU DIDN'T.
NO, SHE DIDN'T.
I DIDN'T HEAR ANYTHING.
I...
YOU'RE PITCHING
A NO-HITTER.
YOU HAVEN'T LOST A SINGLE
PATIENT SINCE NOVEMBER 14th.
89 SURGERIES IN A ROW
WITH GOOD OUTCOMES.
DID YOU SAY
NOVEMBER 14th?
YEAH,
A-AND 22 WERE TRAUMAS.
I MEAN, WHO --
WHO DOES THAT?
YOU,
BECAUSE YOU'RE MAGIC.
♪ WITH A GODDESS,
AND YOU GET A LITTLE COLDER ♪
EDWARDS, YOU CAN CLOSE.
WILSON CAN ASSIST.
WHAT DID
I TELL YOU?
[ VOCALIZING ]
LOOK, I TOLD HER
NOT TO TELL YOU.
THIS KIND OF THING
MESSES WITH YOUR HEAD.
I'M ON A STREAK.
THERE'S NO SUCH THING.
IT'S JUST DUMB LUCK.
LOOK, YOU'RE NOT THAT GREAT,
ANYWAY, SO JUST FORGET ABOUT IT.
NO, NO, NO, IT'S NOT THAT.
IT'S THE DATE THAT IT STARTED.
WHAT ABOUT IT?
THAT'S THE DAY
THAT DEREK LEFT.
AND I'VE BEEN PERFECT
EVER SINCE,
HAVE NOT LOST
ONE PATIENT --
NOT ONE --
SINCE THE DAY HE LEFT.
WHAT DOES THAT TELL YOU?
THAT YOU'RE RIGHT?
THAT I'M BETTER OFF
WITHOUT HIM?
[ SIGHS ]
BRIAN, YOUR REPEAT LABS
LOOK REALLY GOOD.
I SHOULD BE ABLE TO
DISCHARGE YOU VERY SOON.
HOW'S MICAH?
NOT MY KID.
I KNOW.
KAREN WON'T EVEN
SPEAK TO ME RIGHT NOW,
AND, UH, YOU KNOW,
I HAD ALL THE BEST INTENTIONS.
I WAS TRYING TO
BRING THE FAMILY TOGETHER.
I THOUGHT
I WAS HELPING US.
IT ALL BACKFIRED.
[ SIGHS ]
MAYBE NOW
WE'RE TOO FAR GONE.
MAYBE I CAN'T
GET KAREN BACK.
MAYBE DANIELLE
IS RIGHT.
MAYBE KAREN AND MICAH
ARE BETTER OFF WITHOUT ME.
ALL I WANTED WAS FOR US
TO BE HAPPY, BE A FAMILY.
[ SIGHS ]
CAN YOU JUST NOD OR BLINK TWICE
OR SOMETHING IF MICAH'S OKAY?
THANK YOU, DR. GREY.
THANK YOU.
YOU KNOW, YOU SHOULD TRY AND
CLOSE YOUR EYES, GET SOME SLEEP.
IT COULD STILL
BE A WHILE.
DO YOU THINK
I HURT HER?
NO. NO. RUBY,
YOU DID EVERYTHING RIGHT.
YOU DON'T KNOW THAT.
[ INDISTINCT TALKING OVER P.A. ]
HOW IS SHE?
SHE'S FINE. RUBY,
YOUR MOM IS GONNA BE FINE.
REALLY?
ABSOLUTELY.
[ ED SHEERAN'S
"PHOTOGRAPH" PLAYS ]
[ TELEPHONE RINGS ]
SO, UH, I CALLED MY SISTER
AND CHECKED IN.
A BOOKCASE FELL.
BUT OTHER THAN THAT, SHE'S FINE.
GOOD. OKAY.
[ KEYBOARD CLACKING ]
I OWE YOU AN APOLOGY
FOR WHAT I SAID EARLIER.
YES, YOU DO.
AND I WILL CONSIDER
ACCEPTING YOUR APOLOGY,
BEN WARREN,
IF YOU MAKE IT UP TO ME.
♪ LOVING CAN HURT ♪
AT HOME.
YOU CAN, UH,
START BY MAKING ME DINNER.
MM-HMM.
♪ LOVING CAN HURT SOMETIMES ♪
AND THEN SOME OTHER THINGS THAT
I HAVEN'T EVEN THOUGHT OF YET.
♪ BUT IT'S THE ONLY THING ♪
[ LAUGHS ]
WELL, UM, YOU KNOW
I'M STILL ON CALL.
♪ THAT I KNOW ♪
I CAN WAIT.
[ ELEVATOR BELL DINGS ]
♪ AND WHEN IT GETS HARD ♪
♪ YOU KNOW
IT CAN GET HARD SOMETIMES ♪
♪ IT IS THE ONLY THING ♪
♪ THAT MAKES US FEEL ALIVE ♪
[ CHUCKLES ]
♪ WE KEEP THIS LOVE
IN A PHOTOGRAPH ♪
SIX WEEKS, RIGHT?
EIGHT JUST TO BE SURE.
♪ WE MADE THESE MEMORIES
FOR OURSELVES ♪
EASE BACK IN.
HERBERT ISN'T GONNA KNOW
WHAT HIT HIM.
♪ WHERE OUR EYES
ARE NEVER CLOSING ♪
[ LAUGHS ] OR EDWARD.
♪ OUR HEARTS ARE NEVER BROKEN ♪
OR IRVING.
♪ AND TIME'S
FOREVER FROZEN STILL ♪
OR...MAYBE THAT GUY UPSTAIRS
WITH THE BAD TOUPEE.
♪ SO YOU CAN KEEP ME ♪
MM.
LUCKY GUYS.
MM-HMM.
♪ INSIDE THE POCKET ♪
I'M TELLING YOU, GIRLS.
♪ OF YOUR RIPPED JEANS ♪
YOU HAVE HEALTHY HIPS.
PUT THEM TO GOOD USE.
♪ YOU WON'T EVER BE ALONE ♪
[ LAUGHS ]
HMM. [ CHUCKLES ]
[ ELEVATOR BELL DINGS ]
♪ WAIT FOR ME TO COME HOME ♪
HOLD THAT!
WAIT, PLEASE!
HI. I WILL HAVE
THAT DRINK WITH YOU.
♪ LOVING CAN HEAL ♪
IF YOU WANT TO,
IF YOU STILL WANT TO.
GREAT. LET'S DO IT.
WAIT. NOW?
DO YOU MEAN NOW?
♪ LOVING CAN MEND YOUR SOUL ♪
NO. YES?
I DON'T KNOW.
♪ AND IS THE ONLY THING ♪
END OF THE WEEK?
YES.
♪ THAT I KNOW ♪
♪ KNOW ♪
♪ I SWEAR IT WILL GET EASIER ♪
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATION ]
[ SIGHS ]
[ BOTH CHUCKLE ]
♪ REMEMBER THAT
WITH EVERY PIECE OF YA ♪
♪ MM, MM ♪
♪ AND IT'S THE ONLY THING ♪
THANK YOU. FOR TODAY.
OH, YOU'RE WELCOME.
♪ WE TAKE WITH US WHEN WE DIE ♪
[ BOTH CHUCKLE ]
MM.
[ LAUGHS ]
♪ MM, MM, MM ♪
♪ WE KEEP THIS LOVE
IN A PHOTOGRAPH ♪
[ SIGHS ]
♪ WE MAKE THESE MEMORIES
FOR OURSELVES ♪
♪ WHERE OUR EYES
ARE NEVER CLOSING ♪
♪ OUR HEARTS WERE NEVER BROKEN ♪
♪ AND TIME'S
FOREVER FROZEN STILL ♪
♪ SO YOU CAN KEEP ME ♪
♪ INSIDE THE POCKET ♪
♪ OF YOUR RIPPED JEANS ♪
♪ HOLDING ME CLOSER ♪
♪ TILL OUR EYES MEET ♪
♪ YOU WON'T EVER BE ALONE ♪
SO MY STREAK LIVES ON?
SURE. IF YOU BELIEVE
IN THAT STUFF.
♪ AND IF YOU HURT ME ♪
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I DON'T NEED DEREK.
♪ WELL, THAT'S OKAY, BABY,
ONLY WORDS BLEED ♪
I DON'T NEED HIM IN MY HOUSE.
I OBVIOUSLY
DON'T NEED HIM
TO PROVE I CAN HAVE
89 GOOD OUTCOMES IN A ROW.
♪ INSIDE THESE PAGES,
YOU JUST HOLD ME ♪
I'M DOING GREAT.
♪ AND I WON'T EVER LET YOU GO ♪
MY KIDS ARE HAPPY.
MY CAREER IS SOARING.
DEREK GOING TO D.C. DID EXACTLY
WHAT IT WAS SUPPOSED TO DO,
WHICH IS REMIND ME OF WHO I AM
OUTSIDE OF MY MARRIAGE,
WHICH, BY THE WAY,
I'M KIND OF AMAZING.
OKAY.
BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN THAT I
DON'T WANT TO SHARE IT WITH HIM.
I WANT TO TELL HIM THAT I'M --
WE'RE ON A STREAK.
I CAN HANDLE MICAH'S POST-OP
IF YOU WANT TO TAKE OFF.
♪ INSIDE THE NECKLACE
YOU GOT WHEN YOU WERE 16 ♪
THAT LIST OF THINGS YOU'D GRAB
IN A DISASTER.
♪ NEXT TO YOUR HEARTBEAT,
WHERE I SHOULD BE ♪
[ BEEP ]
[ Ringing ]
WOMAN: Hello?
♪ KEEP IT DEEP
WITHIN YOUR SOUL ♪
HI. IS HE IN THE LAB?
What?
♪ AND IF YOU HURT ME ♪
I KNOW THIS IS
DEREK SHEPHERD'S PHONE.
♪ WELL, THAT'S OKAY, BABY,
ONLY WORDS BLEED ♪
WHO IS THIS?
YOUR KIDS, YOUR KEYS,
YOUR FAMILY PHOTO ALBUM.
♪ INSIDE THESE PAGES,
YOU JUST HOLD ME ♪
WHO IS THIS?
THAT LIST
GOES OUT THE WINDOW...
♪ AND I WON'T EVER LET YOU GO ♪
WHO IS THIS?
HELLO?
♪ WHEN I'M AWAY ♪
...WHEN THE DISASTER STARTS
WITH YOU WONDERING
IF THIS MUST BE THE WOMAN WHO'S
BEEN SCREWING YOUR HUSBAND.
♪ I WILL REMEMBER
HOW YOU KISSED ME ♪
[ Click, dial tone ]
♪ UNDER THE LAMPPOST
BACK ON 6th STREET ♪
THAT'S A WHOLE
OTHER EARTHQUAKE.
♪ HEARING YOU WHISPER
THROUGH THE PHONE ♪
♪ WAIT FOR ME TO COME HOME ♪